Update dates.md (#2959)
enkidevs/curriculum: regular-expressions/regular-expressions-introduction/even-more-practical-examples/dates.md

`/^(0?[1-9]|1[0-2])\/(0?[1-9]|[12]\d|3[01])\/\d{4}$/`

> > 💡 Remember that we need to add `\` behind `/` in order to escape the forward slashes so that we can use them!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 💡 To use special characters (like `/` or `.`) as normal characters without any special behavior, we need to add `\` behind them (like `\/` or `\.`). This is called *escaping*.
```
